a famous explorer once said the
extraordinary and what we do not who we
are
hey gamers welcome at despoiling games
my name is exon of it and I'm here to
show you how to get the unlock
unfinished business and to do this we
have to just complete one challenge
let's get things started okay so the
first challenge that you can actually
get in the game is on in coastal forest
this is my map right here it's right
after you come past the first camp
you're gonna be heading down here
looking for a bow and an arrow what's
gonna happen is when you get into this
area right here there's gonna be a
yellow mission marker now in my game
it's gone because I've already done it
but it's gonna be somewhere around in
this area and which is what its gonna be
asking to do is get a bow and an arrow
so you can pick up your arrows there you
can see you can walk up to them and just
hit X and then the bow is actually on a
guy's body hanging from a tree you
actually have to come across this log
right here and wrestle him down to the
ground and when you do you can just pick
up your your bow by pressing X now the
way that you get the challenge to start
is right here so in other words right
there's the body there's gonna be a
totem you can barely see it right there
but if you hit the elbe button you can
actually see it really good and what you
want to do is just shoot that and that's
gonna start your challenge see what see
what ideas so challenge unlocked
complete for XP okay one of 10 totems
destroyed so now all we have to do is go
around and take out those totems and we
can complete this challenge okay so you
can see that I made it to camp and the
next totem is going to be somewhere in
this area over here so let's go ahead
and see if we can find that right quick
just come through here it's gonna
automatically let you crouch and if you
hit your lb button you'll see that it
lights up I don't know if you can see
that or not let me get a better angle
for you guys so you can see see it right
there in that tree just go ahead and aim
on it and take it out okay so let's go
ahead and find our third totem and what
you want to do is just head to about
this part on your map and I'll meet up
with you when we get there okay so the
best way I can show you how to get to
this is back here is where you got your
bow and arrow right you just want to
come down this river right here and then
take a right and there's gonna be like a
wooden plank right here like some wooden
boards or whatever just come up here and
get
this rock and then look left and you can
see it right there go ahead and shoot
that one down okay so number four is
really easy to find just go ahead and
run straight ahead and as soon as you
come past this tree you'll see it right
there let's go and get around here on it
it's gonna be right there okay so let's
go ahead and get the fifth one I just
run straight ahead it's gonna be a river
up here so I kind of cross that river
and then to your left is gonna be what
looks to be like a kind of like an
entranceway if you will see how it's got
like a log falling across the top with
some rocks on the side it's gonna be
right there hanging off this rock right
here and that should be number five okay
so now we're in base camp number two let
me just get hit select so you can see
where I am let's go ahead and collect
some more of our totems if you just run
down here there's gonna be a bridge
directly ahead right over in this area
and there's gonna be a totem to the left
of it let's come there hopefully the
wolves don't come out and that's not my
filming you come right over here and you
just hit lb you'll be able to see it in
the tree right there okay from this
location you just wanna head right and
you want to just follow the river until
you see another bridge see the bridge
right up here and if you hit lb it's
gonna be hanging right from underneath
this bridge right here
okay so from here you just want to head
back down the river again and under the
bridge is gonna be your next one you can
see it right there
okay so from here just follow the river
out and you're gonna see a shrine
straight ahead just head toward that
we'll pick up our next totem right quick
you just hit lb you'll be able to see it
right up here okay and the last totem is
a bit of a run it's actually over here
in this corner area right here so just
head toward the the big temple or
whatever and I'll meet up with you when
we get there okay so I just made it over
here to this temple or whatever if you
head to the right you'll be able to see
it gonna be hanging it right over here
and that's gonna be the last one that's
gonna also get you the unlock unfinished
business and that's for obviously
completing one of the challenges so I
hope you guys enjoy the video remember
there's a panel on the left hand side of
your screen called the interactive hub
you can click on that it'll take you to
a master video of mine where you can
basically get help with any of the
unlocks that you need for this game and
I hope you guys enjoyed and I'll talk to
you soon be good seemed lost
I found a truth and I knew what I must
become